Idea code 

Objective: Have the robot move and turn. Given the Abstractions codes.....

Clarifiactions: is the answers all there? 
				Should I expect that there is a delay per turn? i.e: If I want to turn how long should the delay would be to make a 90 degree turn/ 45 degreee turn or more?
				How much speed should be applied to make it turm?
				
Constraints: Speed and time are dependent on how far it turns
			 How long would it take to turn, and how much speed it should take?
	
Edge Case:
			 If it needs to turn left: increase the speed on the right motor, decrease the speed on left motor. Then stop.
			 If it needs to turn right: Increase the speed on the left motor, decrease the speed on the right motor.
Idea:
	 So using the dc function we can rotate the robot based on the spd and using the switch case to turn. Then provide a delay to then move forward and can turn again.
	 
	 From the edge case,
	  If it needs to turn left: increase the speed on the right motor, decrease the speed on left motor. Then stop.
		If it needs to turn right: Increase the speed on the left motor, decrease the speed on the right motor.
	 
	 //To turn left
		right motor will move forward but the speed with be x bigger
		left motor will move reverse but decrease the speed
		
		
	//To turn right
		right motor will move reverse but the speed decreases
		left motor will move forward but the speed increase
	)
	 
	


// Inquiry: what if we need to look for a wall?
	Well the logic to start  (based on the radar site) function (I dont have it defined but) 
	
	//Entering the maze
	we would have to start having the servo check by turing each direction 
	and pause (providing a delay) in order for the ultra sonic sensor will have an enough time to check the distatnce.

	//check the distance between the wall using the ultra sonic sensor
	If the distance between the wall and the robot is too close or too far
		
		
		//If too close to the wall
			
			right motor will move reverse but the speed decreases
			left motor will move forward but the speed increase
			for x amount of seconds.
			Read measurement again, and continue forward
		
		//If too far from the wall
			right motor will move forward but the speed with be x bigger
			left motor will move reverse but decrease the speed
			for x amount of seconds.
			Read measurement again and continue forward.
			
	
	
	
	// The robot is set to a2 which is an analog pin
	
	//they use a pwn signal and and there' using voltage 
		
